Do we work together on it. The main idea behind this project was to create a clean.
A useful website. We wanted to users are able to book.
An appointment, treatment. To get to know the doctor.
For our visit…
Our aim? To combine learning. First of all.
Our website includes several, uh. Features, like main page.
Means homepage. A homepage with an introduction and welcome message.
Services section. A page with… a section where detail.
Info? On dental treatment.
Book an appointment, book form.
Appointment form. Your username, e… Email, phone number, date.
And also a button here. Also, I apply… Apple's animation here.
On this… picture.
Dr. Profile. And the contact page.
This is a contract pop-up. So, we built it… from HTML?
Css, and Java. We use all these. Mature the website is responsive or not.
So, you can see… This is, uh, that… Responsive website.
When we move to other pages. You also see that.
So, basically, it's our first website, first… assignment, or project.
Responsive means work on… desktop and mobile.
Device, both. So, you can see… This is a mobile view.
A, H cell? Desktop view.
So, this is… Our website?
As you see… Login form, obviously.
Sign up section, login section.
To engage with…
So this is not only a project. This is more than a project.
We learn and experience more things. We built how to build, uh, feed, learn how to build a website.
We're proud to be creative. So, thank you so much.
Beautiful… like it… 2… Thank you so much, thanks for watching.